Do not load ML jobs to 8.x from 7.x releases (#27771)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/command-reference.asciidoc

ifdef::has_ml_jobs[]
* The machine learning jobs contain the configuration information and metadata

> necessary to analyze data for anomalies. You can only load the jobs to Elasticsearch

Reviewer: This statement is a little ambiguous. It might be better not to mention 7.x and just say,  "Starting in version 8.0.0, this command is no longer supported. To load machine learning jobs, use the Machine Learning UI in Kibana."

To ruflin's question, I don't see a great landing page in the Machine Learning docs. We could send users to the Kibana docs, but then they need to play hopscotch over to the Machine Learning docs. @lcawl Where should this link point?

> of major version 7. For newer, please use the Machine learning UI in Kibana.

Reviewer 2: @dedemorton Likely for later but would be nice to add a link here to the according docs.

Reviewer: I don't see a great landing page in the Machine Learning docs. We could send users to the Kibana docs, but then they need to play hopscotch over to the Machine Learning docs. @lcawl Where should this link point?

Reviewer 3: We're in the process of doing a fairly substantial reorganization of the content in the machine learning guide in the main branch. For 7.x, however, if this is referring to the pre-built jobs and you just want to link to reference details about them, it's in https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/machine-learning/7.x/ootb-ml-jobs.html. If you're wanting to link to info about how to add those re-built jobs via Kibana, that's in https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/machine-learning/7.x/create-jobs.html

Author: How can I refer to Kibana docs? Just adding the URL as above?

> necessary to analyze data for anomalies. You can only load the jobs to Elasticsearch
> of major version 7. For newer, please use the Machine learning UI in Kibana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
necessary to analyze data for anomalies. You can use this command to load machine learning jobs
into Elasticsearch version 7. For version 8.0.0 and later, use the Machine learning UI in Kibana.
```
